---
title: "Privacy Policy"
description: "Privacy Policy for HugoWind"
translationKey: "privacy"
layout: "markdown"
---

_Last updated_: January 06, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is just a Demo.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to HugoWind LLC, 1 Cupertino, CA 95014.
- **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
- **Country** refers to: California, United States
- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Website.
- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.
- **Website** refers to HugoWind, accessible from this domain
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Usage Data

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information.

- **Cookies or Browser Cookies.** A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent.
- **Web Beacons.** Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons that permit the Company to count users who have visited those pages.

## Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- **To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a user of the Service.
- **To contact You:** To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication.
- **To provide You** with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events.
- **To manage Your requests:** To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.

## Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: contact@example.com
